What started out as a wholesome beach
day on my server, quickly went
completely off the rails. It all started
when one of the members, Amy Bunny, had
the idea to hold a summer event. We
started with the fishing tourney, which
lasted 1 hour, and somehow my team
actually won. We actually
>> I promise it wasn't rigged. Then we
moved on to the high dive competition.
This is my Patreon only structuralist
super flat server, so we're really
limited on pallet and we have to use
stuff like wool for stone. I actually
did pretty well in the high dive, too.
But in the end, I couldn't compete with
the best of the server. Oh, and he made
it. People even did some diving tricks,
which I've never seen before. My
favorite event by far was the sand
castle competition. Some people went all
out, creating lore for their builds and
even filling all the chests with loot.
But it all fell apart when we got to the
summer skin competition. I brought my
classic vintage swim trunks, and I
actually made it into the top three. But
others on the server got totally carried
away.
>> Oh no.
>> Oh no. And that's how